Week 1:
This week, I created my HTML file for my project, and I added a little CSS because the plainness of the file without any was driving me crazy. As of right now, the site looks pretty basic, but once I start adding CSS grid and possibly some bootstrap styles also, it'll look much more impressive.

Week 2:
This week, I set out to add Javascript to my HTML. I added a few graphs and the toggle effect I wanted to include on my HTML. I originally wanted to add graphs about the human rights issues in Cuba and the statistics that go with them, but I found it a lot harder to find concrete, numerical statistics. In my prior research, there was information about the human rights issues, but not enough that I could put on a graph. The only Javascript I have left that I want to add is creating buttons that would make my site more interactive. I'm thinking about making buttons for the four subsections under culture, and also for the five subsections under Human Rights. I'm just kind of stuck on how to do that.

This upcoming week, I'm going to finish up the CSS for the HTML. Ryan gave me a few tips to make my site more visually appealing, and I'm going to attempt to incorporate CSS Grid or Bootstrap. I've visualized the site looking better than it is so far, but I'm finding myself struggling to transfer what I'm picturing onto the site.

Week 3:
This week I ended up focusing on getting my buttons to work. I decided against using a bootstrap theme and instead am working with CSS grid. I got the pictures to be in a line with CSS grid, but now in the next couple of days I'm going to focus on on making the site responsive, primarily the pictures and getting my buttons to work. They're working on the surface, but the text is linking to other paragraphs, and I don't know why. Also, I'm going to improve the colors of the site and probably add more photos to liven it up a little more.

Week 4:
This week, I realized that there is still much more I need to learn about coding, even the basics that we learned this semester. There were things on my site that I spent multiple hours trying to fix and still couldn't. Therefore, the final website is not how I pictured it at all. I tried multiple ways of trying to fix my hide and show feature under the human rights tab, and I tried to contain the elements to their respective pages. There are certain things that I’m proud of, like how I was able to create a website from scratch. That’s not something I knew how to do before. Granted, I know the very basic ways. I’m looking forward to continuing my coding, even if it may be the most basic things. 
